examples: Update NI-Digital, NI-DMM, NI-Fgen, NI-Switch, NI-Scope, NI-VISA and Output voltage readme to describe the .env simulation process (#494)
ni/measurementlink-python: examples/niswitch_control_relays/README.md

This example requires an NI relay driver (e.g. PXI-2567).

By default, this example uses a physical instrument or a simulated device created in NI MAX. To automatically create a simulated device when running the measurement or TestStand sequence, follow the steps below:
- Create a `.env` file in the measurement service's directory or one of its parent directories (such as the root of your Git repository or `C:\ProgramData\National Instruments\MeasurementLink\Services` for statically registered measurement services).

> - Add the following options to the `.env` file to enable simulation via the driver's option string:

Reviewer: NI-Switch supports an option string, but not via the `niSwitch_InitializeWithTopology` entry point that we are using. It uses separate parameters.

```suggestion
- Add the following options to the `.env` file to enable simulation via the driver's `simulate` and `topology` parameters:
```
